[Content] Clarify use cases for buttons and links (#2144)
Shopify/polaris-react: src/components/Button/README.md

# Button

> Buttons are used primarily for actions, such as “Add”, “Close”, “Cancel”, or “Save”. Plain buttons, which look similar to links, are used for less important or less commonly used actions, such as "view shipping settings".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Buttons are used primarily for actions, such as “Add”, “Close”, “Cancel”, or “Save”. Plain buttons, which look similar to links, are used for less important or less commonly used actions, such as “view shipping settings”.
```

> For navigational actions that appear within or directly following a sentence, use the [link component](/components/navigation/link).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For navigational actions that appear within or directly following a sentence, use the [link component](https://polaris.shopify.com/components/navigation/link).
```

  confusion and make merchants unsure of what to do next.
- Be positioned in consistent locations in the interface.

### Buttons versus links

> Buttons are used primarily for actions, such as “Add”, “Close”, “Cancel”, or “Save”. Plain buttons, which look similar to links, are used for less important or less commonly used actions, such as "view shipping settings".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Buttons are used primarily for actions, such as “Add”, “Close”, “Cancel”, or “Save”. Plain buttons, which look similar to links, are used for less important or less commonly used actions, such as “view shipping settings”.
```

Links are used primarily for navigation, and usually appear within or directly following a sentence.

> The HTML for buttons and links carries specific meaning. Using these components intentionally and consistently results in:

Reviewer: Making the first part of this sentence clearly refer to React components could clarify the intent:

```suggestion
The markup resulting from `Button` and `Link` carries meaning. Using these components intentionally and consistently results in:
```

What do you think?

## Related components

> - To combine or lay out multiple buttons, [use the button group component](/components/actions/button-group)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To combine or lay out multiple buttons, [use the button group component](https://polaris.shopify.com/components/actions/button-group)
```

> - For navigational actions that appear within or directly following a sentence, use the use the [link component](/components/navigation/link)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For navigational actions that appear within or directly following a sentence, use the [link component](https://polaris.shopify.com/components/navigation/link)
```
